# sh-kitty
sh-kitty is a black hat/grey hat tool it has many options that are great for many things you have planned  this tool is very reliable for every day things but while having a (black-hat) hacking side to The program this tool has following options such as.               [1] enter 1 for Anti-Brutefoce password generator                  [2] for .rar numric bruteforce attack.         (be safe and if any problems do occur msg my email orucuku@gmail.com)                  [3] for Extreme network pinger (nonworking)                       (with great power becomes great Ownership)                   [4] WiFI passowrd Finder thank me later           please keep in mind that you have to be connected to its wifi in order to pull          Its passowrd since currently there is no way to grab the host password if from a           Different profile.                    [5] Breaks down every single thing about This Person(s)                       Pc CPU serialnumber IP address ect.                        say you are on your friends pc and you wanna mess with them                        just fire this up you will see every single thing. thats all i hope you find great use to this program.
thank you for downloading i appreceiate it! some people do not trust batch files that have been converted to a exe
because they feel like its dangerous "because they cant edit it" so i put the batch in there for the people who are 
scared and also if the exe is bugging lol well thats all also do not edit nor remix this without my permission
please. i didnt spend hours on this for it to be stolen by some script kiddie. also the program exe may close
then open again really fast due to the cmd.
